[DOCS] Adding metadata to articles (#18153)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/ShapeInference.md

   troubleshooting_reshape_errors

> .. meta::
>    :description: OpenVINO™ ensures a capability to change model input shape during 
>                  the runtime when provided input has a different size than model 
>                  input shape.

Author: ```suggestion
.. meta::
   :description: OpenVINO™ allows changing model input shape during 
                 the runtime when the provided input has a different size than the model's 
                 input shape.
```
